=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 The CPANSA::DB module

This is the I<README> for the L<CPANSA::DB> Perl module. This is the
database that L<CPAN::Audit> uses to do its work. The module was
previously known as C<CPAN::Audit::DB> but moved to its own repo and
distribution so you can update the database seperately.

You're probably looking at this because you don't know where else to
find what you're looking for. Read this once and you might never have
to read one again for any Perl module.

=head2 Documentation

This module is a data pack for other modules, such as L<CPAN::Audit>,
that need access to the digested form of the CPAN Security Advisories
database. There's not much you need to read, but you can look at the
data structure.

To read about L<CPANSA::DB>, look at the embedded documentation
in the module itself. Inside the distribution, you can format it
with L<perldoc|http://perldoc.perl.org/perldoc.html>:

	% perldoc lib/CPANSA/DB.pm

If you have already installed the module, you can specify the module
name instead of the file location:

	% perldoc CPANSA::DB

You can read the documentation and inspect the meta data on
L<MetaCPAN|https://www.metacpan.org/pod/CPANSA::DB>.

The standard module documentation has example uses in the SYNOPSIS
section, but you can also look in the I<examples/> directory (if it's
there), or look at the test files in I<t/>.

=head2 Installation

You can install this module with a CPAN client, which will resolve
and install the dependencies:

	% cpan CPANSA::DB
	% cpanm CPANSA::DB

You can also install directly from the distribution directory, which
will also install the dependencies:

	% cpan .
	% cpanm .

You could install just this module manually:

	% perl Makefile.PL
	% make
	% make test
	% make install

You probably don't want to do that unless you're fiddling with the
module and only want to run the tests without installing anything.

=head2 Source location

The meta data, such as the source repository and bug tracker, is in
I<Makefile.PL> or the I<META.*> files it creates. You can find that on
those CPAN web interfaces, but you can also look at files directly in
the source repository:

=over 4

=item *	L<https://github.com/briandfoy/cpan-security-advisory>

=back

If you find a problem, file a ticket in the L<issue
tracker|https://github.com/briandfoy/cpan-security-advisory/issues>.

=head2 Getting help

Although I'm happy to hear from module users in private email,
that's the best way for me to forget to do something.

Besides the issue trackers, you can find help at
L<Perlmonks|http://www.perlmonks.org> or
L<Stackoverflow|http://www.stackoverflow.com>, both of which have many
competent Perlers who can answer your question, almost in real time.
They might not know the particulars of this module, but they can help
you diagnose your problem.

You might like to read L<brian's Guide to Solving Any Perl
Problem|https://briandfoy.github.io/brians-guide-to-solving-any-perl-problem/>.

=head2 Copyright and License

You should have received a I<LICENSE> file, but the license is also noted
in the module files. About the only thing you can't do is pretend that
you wrote code that you didn't.

=head2 Good luck!

Enjoy,

brian d foy, bdfoy@cpan.org

=cut
